NumberBox: Add min & max API Clarity (#9080)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxNumberBox/1 Configuration/max.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> The maximum value NumberBox allows users to enter. Does not affect programmatic value changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum value users can enter in the NumberBox. This option does not affect values assigned programmatically.
```
